c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\KioskApplication.dll
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\KioskApplication.pdb
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\obj\Debug\KioskApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\obj\Debug\KioskApplication.dll
c:\users\kadir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\obj\Debug\KioskApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Kadir\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Kadir\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Kadir\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Kadir\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KioskApplication\KioskApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
